
# NITP Web Dev Cell Task  (Round 2)

This Repository is about the Street View and 360 View of the NIT Patna Campus .

## Testing link : [https://nitp-street-view.netlify.app/](https://nitp-street-view.netlify.app/)

   - For Testing :-
      -Street Views uploaded by myself on Mapillary.
      -360 Images that are available on Google Maps.

## Overview

  I have used the mapillaryJs by Meta for Street View and Panolens.Js for 360 View .


  - Mapillary.js :
	- MapillaryJS is a client-side JavaScript library for building street imagery map experiences.
	- The Unique client ID needed is generated by creating a developer account on the 
          "https://www.mapillary.com/developer".
  - The Viewer object represents the navigable image viewer. Create a Viewer by specifying a container, client ID, image ID and other options. The viewer exposes methods and     events for programmatic interaction.

   - Panolens.js:
	  - Panolens. js is an event-driven based panorama viewer that is Lightweight and flexible. It's built on top of Three. JS.
    - Viewer of Panolens is a class from the panolens library used to create containers for displaying panoramic views in web applications. It allows for interactive panoramic experiences by providing options for auto-rotation, control bars, adding panoramas, user interaction controls like panning and zooming, and event handling capabilities.
	

## Features

 - Allows users to view panoramic images captured from different locations enabling users to virtually explore the surroundings.
 - Integration with services like Mapillary Street Viewer that allows users to navigate and view street-level imagery of real-world locations that provides a more realistic experience.


